Add permission prerequisites for Lightspeed IoP (#4523)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_examining-vulnerability-of-hosts.adoc

.Prerequisites
* You have installed {insights-iop}.

> * Your {Project} account has a role that grants the `view_vulnerability` permission.

Reviewer: `view_foreman_rh_cloud` seems to be required for `react#index`, which means you need that permission to view any React page provided by the foreman_rh_cloud plugin.  So yes, it's correct that right now you need both those permissions.

I'm not sure I see a good reason to require that for `react#index`, though, so I wouldn't mind revisiting that at some point.

> * Your {Project} account has a role that grants the `view_vulnerability` permission.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your {Project} account has a role that grants the following permissions: `view_foreman_rh_cloud`, `view_insights_hits`, and `view_vulnerability`
```
